---
title: Our Vision
permalink: /docs/en/vision
key: vision
---

When the world was not known by anyone yet, as chaotic, everything had no name. Humankind's knowledge may have started by naming each item and phenomenon and sharing it.

The fundamental desire to "know the name of things" and the pleasure that it is satisfied. Also, the pleasure that you can obtain by answering questions and sharing your knowledge.

This project will create such a communication place as a specialized Q&A application. By limiting questions to pictures of lives, we aim to the place as "accumulate pictures of all identified lives".

Meanwhile, with the advent of blockchain technology, the token economy has rapidly developed, and by using smart contracts, the second generation of the blockchain, it has become possible to incorporate its own programmable cryptocurrency into applications. This means that applications natively acquire currency functions. This blockchain technology is a state-of-the-art technology that can realize a self-sustaining and distributed growth platform, and by applying it, a business model of a web application is paradigm-shifted.

This application has great social significance and it is not surprising even if similar applications already exist. However, in order to grow sustainably while maintaining the public interest, it was difficult with the conventional business model. However, a new business model utilizing blockchain solves this problem. Applications and ideas conforming to this new business model are not limited to this application but many latent. Even for such applications, this new business model is provided as a token platform and should be easily available to everyone.

In this project, we create a platform to guarantee the reliability of claims and facts by using blockchain technology. We also create a decentralized contribution evaluation and reward mechanism that all participants are convinced by using game theory as feature of the platform. And we develop sustainable specialized Q&A application on the platform.
